README.md, before:

# HandyNotes: Ascension POI

A HandyNotes plugin for World of Warcraft 3.3.5 (WotLK) that Worldforged RPG Items on the map. Works for Ascension WoW servers as they have the items.

<img width="1992" height="1112" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65740db8-048a-40c0-902c-893c8774cf79" />


## Features

- Shows lootable ME's + Worldforged items on the map
- Options to disable certain categories of items (type /handynotes and go to the plugins settings)
  - Can disable items that have no tooltip
  - Can disable items that are a Mystic Scroll
  - Can disable items that have a tooltip


## Installation

1. Make sure you have HandyNotes addon installed
2. Extract the zip file and rename it to `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI`
3. Copy the `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI` folder to your `World of Warcraft\Interface\AddOns\` directory
4. Restart World of Warcraft

** IMPORTANT - MAKE SURE YOU RENAME THE FOLDER FROM `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI-master` to `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI` OR IT WILL NOT WORK**

Commit message:

Update README with V2 features and fork information
Added V2 features for toggling collected items and zone filters.

README.md, after:

# HandyNotes: Ascension POI

Fork of <a href="https://github.com/ascensionhandynotespoi/HandyNotes_Ascension_POI">HandyNotes_Ascension_POI</a>

## Features

- Shows lootable ME's + Worldforged items on the map
- Options to disable certain categories of items (type /handynotes and go to the plugins settings)
  - Can disable items that have no tooltip
  - Can disable items that are a Mystic Scroll
  - Can disable items that have a tooltip
V2 Features:
- Toggle collected items (left click on an item and it will be faded out to signify it being collected)
- Enable/Disable icons from showing per zone (for example if you want to completely disable icons in Barrens) - To do this you open /handynotes, navigate to Plugins - > Ascension PO - > Zone Filters


## Installation

1. Make sure you have HandyNotes addon installed
2. Extract the zip file and rename it to `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI`
3. Copy the `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI` folder to your `World of Warcraft\Interface\AddOns\` directory
4. Restart World of Warcraft

** IMPORTANT - MAKE SURE YOU RENAME THE FOLDER FROM `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI-master` to `HandyNotes_Ascension_POI` OR IT WILL NOT WORK**
